Today, we're wrapping up the series, A Church Every Community Needs, and we've been talking about the fact that the local church is Jesus' movement that represents Him here on earth.
That's why the metaphor is used for the church, that we are the body of Christ, and He is the head.
And so, He started this movement over 2,000 years ago, and you can go anywhere in the world, even in places where Christians are persecuted, and you can find this movement there.
It's unbelievable.
The local church is the hope of the world and the movement
of Jesus.
Now, today I want to start by asking you this question.
If you were going to a brand new city, let's say you were moving today and somebody said to you, you said to somebody, I'm looking for a church and they said, what kind of church are you looking for?
What would be your answer?
Now, some of you might say, well, I'm looking for a Bible believing church.
Okay, well, that's pretty broad for some people.
Well, I'm looking for a church that falls Jesus.
Okay, that's pretty broad for some people.
And then the person said, well, what else?
What else are you looking for?
And you might say, well, I hope they have great music.
Like, I hope the music is good.
Okay, well, they would say, I know a church that has great music, but they don't serve coffee just so you know.
You would say, well, I can only meet Jesus after I caffeinate.
I can't meet him pre-caffeination.
So I definitely need a church with coffee and great music.
Okay, good, good, good.
Well, I know a church like that.
They got coffee, they got music.
It's like 50 people.
You're like, oh, 50 people.
That's too small for me.
I'm looking for like something bigger.
Well, I know another one that has a thousand.
Oh, that's too big.
That's too big.
Like I need it somewhere between 50 and 300 with music and coffee.
And then, well, what about the preaching?
Well, you know, the preachers.
You know, I don't want to say, but he's long.
Ooh, how long?
45 minutes, that's too long.
I need like a 30 to 40 minute window, but there has to be this size and I need to have coffee.
And you know what's interesting to me is how quickly we get caught up in that kind of thing.
And we lose sight of a different question.
And the question is, what is the purpose of the local church?
What is it actually about?
Because you know what, if you call this church or home, we spend a lot of time and a lot of energy and a lot of resources making all of this happen, why?
Like we should know why.
Nobody would run any organization without knowing the purpose of why.
You would never do that.
So what is the purpose of the local church?
But here's the challenge we can have.
Our ideas about the purpose of the church are often skewed by our pursuit
of comfort, the thing that makes us comfortable, the thing that we want.
Without clarity on purpose, the church in our humanity will always choose preference.
We will always choose preference over purpose.
That is part of our humanity.
And you see this all the time.
I had a friend of mine who he said, listen, we have a church, they're looking for a place to meet.
And they said, there's this old church in town, beautiful old building,
There's 20 people in it.
And they, and I asked if we could use their building and I said, you can use it in the afternoon, but under one condition.
And he said, well, what is it?
They said, you cannot move or touch anything.
It all has to stay exactly where it is.
And he said, oh, why?
Well, you know, that's the chair that like Aunt Gertrude donated money and we bought that chair and now she's gone.
But like we want it, we want it there because it reminds us of her.
Right?
And it's like, and these offering plates, this is the offering plate that Jesus used at the last supper.
It's been here that long.
And we don't want that to move.
And we have these memories and we got to preserve it.
And we needed to keep it just the same.
Like to me, I call that museum church.
The preference is to preserve the memories of what God has done in the past and not focus on God wants to do now.
There are all kinds of preferences we have at church.
Some people, you might have a preference.
Some people have a preference for a church that actually tells them they need to hide from the world.
Be afraid.
And you can actually build a huge church that way.
Tell everybody the culture's out to get them.
The culture's trying to persecute them.
And so they need to hide.
So they need to come to the fortress every Sunday and hide out in church.
And so that I can tell you, well, it's a big, bad word out there.
You've got to come here to find Jesus.
It's like a fortress church mentality.
It's a preference.
For some people, their preference is, it's all about music.
I don't actually, I don't really worry about the message.
I just want the worship, the music to be good.
Great music, good vibes.
And they have to at least every Sunday play one of the songs I really like.
Because man, I love it when they play that song.
Like that's my jam when they play that.
So they have to play that at least
Once a month, I have to have songs I know.
It's got to be the worship I like.
It has to be the vibes I want.
And in some ways, you're looking for a church, if that's you, that's more like karaoke night on Friday night than church, right?
The lyrics are on the screen and you get to sing your hits.
That's karaoke.
It's not worship.
And coming and saying, well, that's what I want.
All I want is to come sing and have good vibes.
I don't want any community.
I don't want any accountability.
I don't want anybody to call me on my stuff.
I don't want anything difficult or uncomfortable or challenging.
And for some people, they get to the point where I've tried everything and nobody does youth ministry like me or nobody does services like me or nobody does kids ministry like me.
So what I'm going to do is start my own thing and I will start the church of me.
And then when I start my own thing, then I will have my preferences met.
And what happens is we lose sight of the purpose of the local church.
Why this is Jesus' movement?
Why is it the local church?
And what is the purpose of it?
And we've been looking at this series about if we are the body of Christ, if we are called the body of Christ, His representatives on earth, we've been talking about in this series, but then we need to reflect Christ.
The local church should look like Jesus.
So what was the purpose of Jesus
when he was on this earth.
What was his purpose?
Well, there are a lot of places he talks about it, but the most succinct, if there's one liner, I'm like, man, Jesus took it all and put it in one sentence.
It's after he hangs up with a guy named Zacchaeus.
We've talked about Zacchaeus before.
And Zacchaeus is a tax collector who were like traders in that culture.
He's hanging out with a bunch of other people that religious leaders didn't want Jesus to hang out with.
And Jesus says this at the end of that interaction with those religious leaders.
He says, this is why I'm with these people.
For the son of man, me, came to seek and save those who are lost.
If you want to know why I'm here, I'm here to find people who don't know me.
I'm here to find people who don't know the hope of me.
I'm here to find people who are looking for forgiveness.
I'm here to walk with those who are hurting.
I'm here to walk with those who have
who are struggling with shame and for them surrender their lives to me so that they can be found.
That's my purpose.
So what does this look like for us?
What does it look like for the local church?
Because what we've been talking about is how we need to reflect Jesus.
And we looked at the personality of Jesus.
We looked at that it's not a club for the found, but a search party for the lost.
We looked at the posture of Jesus.
that there's no bottom to humility and no lid on love with Jesus.
And we looked at the power of Jesus last week and the power of the Holy Spirit, but before the Holy Spirit comes, Jesus actually tells the local church his purpose.
He takes his purpose to seek and save the loss and actually passes it off to the local church.
And this all happens
at the end of Matthew.
And I wanna show you the passage where Jesus passes us the baton of purpose.
It says this, then the 11 disciples in Matthew 28, left for Galilee, going to the mountain where Jesus had told them to go.
And when they saw him, they worshiped him, but some of them doubted.
So side note, if you're somebody who sometimes doubts, you're in good company.
These people saw Jesus die, saw him rose again, and still they're like, man, I don't know, this is a lot.
You're in good company.
And he says, Jesus came and told his disciples, I've been given all authority in heaven and earth.
I've died.
I've risen again.
I've done what God has asked.
I've won.
He says, therefore, go and make disciples of all nations.
It could be translated as you are going.
As you are going is more the translation about your life.
As you are going, make apprentices of Jesus, make
followers of Jesus.
Show people how to follow Jesus, baptizing them in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit.
And teach these new disciples to obey all the commands I have given you and be sure of this, I am with you always even to the end of the age.
You see here at the end of Matthew, he's passing the baton and saying the purpose of the church is to make apprentices of Jesus.
The purpose of the church is to show people
who Jesus is, the hope of Jesus, how to follow Jesus.
This is very, very clear here.
And then you go to the book of Acts, this transitions very quickly over to the book of Acts in Acts 1, and he says this, but you will receive power when the Holy Spirit comes upon you.
This is the power of Jesus, and you will be my witnesses telling them about me everywhere in Jerusalem, through Judea, in Samaria, and to the ends of the earth, locally, globally, nationally.
He's saying, the Holy Spirit's going to empower you.
We saw that last week.
And now you're going to make apprentices.
You're going to show people how to follow Jesus.
You're going to share that with them.
This is seeking, saving the loss.
The purpose of Jesus, if you want to put it one sentence, the purpose of the church is to share the hope of Jesus with those around us and show people how to follow him.
Purpose of the church, if we want to share the hope of Jesus, those around us and show people how to follow them.
your neighbors, your friends, the people in our community.
That's the type of church our community needs.
Now, if you are a follower of Jesus and you have been for any time, you would probably say, Jeff, I already know this.
Why are we talking about this again?
We've talked about this before.
Let me tell you why, because naturally as human beings, we drift towards our insider preferences.
Nobody ever, you never drift towards being about other people, right?
Nobody drifts towards, you know, I just suddenly became a generous person, just drifted into it.
I just, you know, I just suddenly started sacrificing for people.
No, that's an intentional choice.
If we drift, we always drift towards ourselves.
We always drift towards what we want.
We always drift towards what we can have.
And so this is a conversation that we need to continue to have as a local church.
Because at the heart, listen, what Jesus is saying is that the heart of the body of Christ is a commitment to sacrifice so that people can find the truth and hope of Jesus.
It's a sacrificial thing.
If I could put it in one quick sentence, Jesus' purpose is greater than my preferences.
Jesus' purpose is greater than my preferences.
In fact, you could look at the four things we've talked about, the personality of Jesus, the posture of Jesus, the purpose of Jesus, the power of Jesus, that all of these things in our lives should be greater than our own personal preferences, that we
should be making space for those who need to know Jesus, that we should be serving with humility, that we should be sacrificing for those who need to know Jesus, that we should be leaning into the power of the Holy Spirit, that people's lives might be changed over what we prefer.
Because we have preferences, don't we?
I mean, I have preferences.
You know, I come here on a Sunday morning, and if you a call connects us home, one of the things you heard this morning, you know we hear every single Sunday.
Every single Sunday we say, hey, if you're new here, right?
We would love to meet you.
Here's a card scanned to cue our code.
We'll leave you in the lobby.
And there are some of you I know who have said, man, every single Sunday.
Well, you think it's bad for you?
I'm in three services every Sunday.
But why am I setting aside that small preference?
Because I know that there are people even here today who are here for the first time.
who need to connect with someone, who need community, that want to get to know someone.
So when you go, well, that's not really what I prefer, yeah, because it's not about you.
And you might say, oh, you know what, Jeff, like when it comes like inviting a neighbor or inviting a friend or reaching out to someone and saying, hey, talking about my faith, inviting the church, that's not my preference.
Yeah, because the mission of the local church, if you're part of this church, it's not about you.
But that's our purpose, is to set aside our preferences for that purpose.
If you're here on a Sunday morning and you go, oh man, Jeff, you know, I know the room's full about 1158.
That seems, I prefer my service time.
I didn't even get here early to get my seat.
Preference or purpose?
It's choosing preference over purpose.
We do this.
But when, when you choose to put the personality, the posture, the purpose, the power that Jesus calls us to as a local church over your preferences, incredible things happen.
And what I want to do is I want to show you what this looked like in the early church.
Because the early church got this right.
If you want to do something fun,
I recognize this is pastor fun, but if you want to do something fun, when this series is over, read the book of Acts.
It's basically a group of people trying to figure this out.
They look at who Jesus is and they go, man, okay, we got to figure out what this church thing looks like.
We took the baton, now what does it look like?
So let me show you what it looked like when they got it right, okay?
This is how it starts is all the believers devoted themselves to the apostles' teaching and to fellowship
and to sharing in meals, including the Lord's Supper and to prayer.
And you go, wow.
Doesn't that, you read that and you go, that sounds so, you know, like warm.
They're all hanging out.
They probably had like a chakudiri board down the middle.
You know, the right music, great drinks, probably was a great time.
Do you want to know something?
It was nothing like that.
You had a group of people who prior to finding Jesus,
Many would never have hung out together.
You know who is at this table?
That person who is so needy, like they never stop talking to you.
Like you never get a word in.
That's who's at that dinner.
If you're there, they're with you.
That person who you go, man, I'm jealous of them.
They make so much money.
I make so much less.
You're both at the table together.
These are people who are from different economic backgrounds, different ethnic backgrounds.
I mean, this was a pirate ship of a table together because of what Jesus had done for them.
And they devoted themselves to teaching each other what it meant to apprentice to Jesus.
It says, a deep sense of awe came over them all.
And the apostles performed many miraculous signs and wonders.
And all the believers met together in one place, and they shared everything they had.
What do you see here?
The posture of Jesus, as they share everything they have.
The power of Jesus is the Holy Spirit is working through them.
It says, they sold their property, and they sold their possessions, and they shared their money with those in need, completely giving up their preferences.
They worshiped together at the temple each day,
They're at the temple where everybody else is talking about, hey, this Messiah that you're waiting for.
Yeah, we met them already.
It's Jesus.
They met in homes for the Lord's Supper.
They shared their meals with great joy and generosity, all well praising God and enjoying the goodwill of all the people.
And each day the Lord added to their fellowship, those who were being saved.
They are seeking and saving the lost.
How?
They put the personality of Jesus.
They put the posture of Jesus.
They put the purpose of Jesus and the power of Jesus over their own preferences every single day.
Because when you put purpose over preferences, people's lives are changed by Jesus.
It's not easy, but it's not complicated to understand.
And you know what?
You read that and you go, wow, man, they were killing it.
We'll just go over a few more chapters.
And what you end up finding out is they end up struggling with this.
You know why?
Because they drift.
They drift towards becoming more insider focus.
And I'll give you an example.
You flip over to Acts 15.
And what happens is they struggle to give up their insider preferences because
A different group joins them, the Gentiles.
See, these were Jewish people who had found Jesus.
And now there are Gentiles finding Jesus.
And they don't, they don't want to hang out with Gentiles and they want the Gentiles to follow all of their rules, all of their preferences, all of their Jewish traditions.
And one of those traditions is circumcision.
And they're saying, Hey, these Gentiles, they got to follow our Jewish traditions.
I'm not sure I want to lay down those preferences.
I'm not sure I want to set those things to the side.
And they got to figure this out.
So they do what churches do and they need to figure things out.
They put a committee together.
They have a meeting.
It's like the first church meeting.
If you've ever been in a church meeting, I promise you it was more exciting than that.
This is it.
So the apostles and the elders met together to resolve this issue.
And at the meeting, after a long discussion, Peter stood and addressed him as follows.
He said, brothers, you all know that God chose me from among you some time ago to preach to the Gentiles so they could hear the good news and believe.
What's Peter saying here?
He's saying, guys, guys, listen, you all know that I was called to preach to the Gentiles.
What did you think was going to happen?
How bad a preacher do you think I am?
They're coming to Jesus.
That was the whole point, guys.
He says, God knows people's hearts.
And he confirmed that he accepts Gentiles because he's giving them the Holy Spirit.
We see the power of God in their lives.
Just as he did to us, he made no distinction between us and them, for he cleansed their hearts through faith.
Not through all these traditions and rules that you have, through faith.
So why are you now challenging God by burdening the Gentile believers with a yoke that neither we nor our ancestors were able to bear?
We believe that we are all saved the same way by the undeserved grace of the Lord Jesus Christ.
We're all saved by Christ.
We're not saved by these traditions guys that you have.
Stop putting all the traditions on the Gentiles that are not even a part of this.
And so my judgment, so what happens is
James, the brother of Jesus, stands up.
He gives a speech later on that you should read.
You don't have time for it today.
And he says this in verse 19, and so my judgment is that we should not make it difficult for the Gentiles who are turning to God.
He says, listen, there are a few things we're going to set aside, but outside of that, let's not get in the way of these Gentiles who are coming to find Jesus.
He's saying, we should not make it difficult
For those who are turning to Christ, if people are trying to find Jesus, let's not make it so difficult.
Now, for some of you, if you're a church person and you hear that, the thing you're wondering is, sounds like just talking about watering down the gospel, water down the Bible.
That's not what James is saying, definitely not.
And that's not what I'm saying.
Listen, the truth of the gospel, the truth of the gospel is gonna be offensive.
There's a part of the gospel that offends.
It calls us out on our stuff.
Following Jesus is a hard thing.
It's gonna be offensive.
But that doesn't mean that we should be offensive.
That we wanna not be in the way and get between people and Jesus.
We wanna do everything we can to make a way for people to find Jesus.
I was listening to a guy this week who came to Christ at our location in Aurelia this past year and we baptized him.
And we were asking him about his very first experience coming to church.
He said, well, I came, came on my own, came on my pickup truck.
I didn't know what to expect, like zero idea.
He says, I drove down the street and I thought it would be like 20 people inside.
He says, I saw the building and I was so nervous.
And I drove in and there was a guy in the parking lot with Mickey Mouse hands on his hands.
And he was pointing me where to park my car.
And he said, so I mean, he was smiling.
He seemed friendly.
And I mean Mickey Mouse hands.
They're the universal sign of peace, right?
It's like, who's going to hurt you with Mickey Mouse hands on?
And so he says, I went in the parking lot.
And they put me in a spot.
And I drove in that spot.
And I sat there trying to get enough nerve to go inside the building.
And I watched the time ticking on my clock, on my watch.
And I was sort of like, am I gonna go in?
Am I not gonna go in?
Am I gonna go in?
And he said, there was like one to two minutes left.
And I said, okay, like it's now or never.
And I got on my truck and I closed the door and I walked in the building.
And he said, there weren't 20 people there.
It was like a lot of people there.
And in that moment, he began a journey to Jesus.
Now, do we need people in the parking lot for me?
No.
I know where to park my car.
Truthfully, it's a big parking lot.
We could all park our own cars.
So why?
Why would we have people out there in the parking lot?
Because we don't want people to come in and go, man, there's nobody here to greet me.
This isn't a one place at all.
I don't even know kind of where to go.
How does this all work?
All of those things are barriers between people and Jesus.
And we need to remove those barriers.
It's the same thing when it comes to music.
You might come here and say, I love the music.
I love it, but you know what?
I just wish, the music just went longer.
I wish we sang eight more songs.
That would be amazing.
Well, maybe it would be for you, but if I've got my friend or you've got your friend and they've never been in church before,
That's 40 minutes of songs they've never heard before.
Like are these real songs?
Like I was at karaoke Friday night, they didn't have these songs.
Like the lyrics are here, but I don't know any of the songs.
Like I don't get it.
I don't understand.
I don't understand how this works.
We don't want that to be a barrier between people and Jesus.
We wanna remove as many barriers as possible between people and Jesus.
See, when we talk about a church that our community needs, our community needs a church that puts the personality of Jesus over our preferences.
Our community needs a church that puts the posture of Jesus over our preferences.
Our community needs a church that puts the purpose of Jesus over our preferences.
Our community needs a church that puts the power of Jesus over our preferences.
And when you look at the early church,
They were so committed to this so that people would know the good news of Jesus that they died for it.
They died for it.
They died telling people about Jesus.
They died being out finding people and gathering them and telling them about Jesus.
They died because they got around tables and told people around Jesus.
They died doing it, preaching the good news.
But we all have preferences.
We all have preferences.
Where are your preferences of barrier for others to find Jesus?
It could be Sunday morning preferences, preference about where you sit, preference about what music, preference about, you know, we should run this program or we should be running that program or we should run this because I want that and I had this.
Well, I, you know, I'm not sure this is exactly how I do it.
We all have preferences.
What are your preferences?
Well, you know what?
I don't know.
Like getting into my neighbor,
and inviting them?
I don't know about that.
That's uncomfortable.
Yes.
The mission of the local church is just like following Jesus.
Challenging.
But if we're willing to step out, I have a friend who this week went around, said, I realize I don't know my neighbors very well, went around,
invited all his neighbors and had a barbecue in the backyard and said, man, who knows what God's going to do?
Who knows what God's going to do?
Now, you could say, well, that sounds hard.
I'd rather just eat chips and watch Netflix like that's much simpler.
Well, I know the potential of what God's going to do with chips and Netflix if I do that.
And I know the potential of when I reach out to someone who doesn't know the hope of Jesus and what God's going to do through that.
17, almost 18 years ago, we were living in Oakville.
And this church had just begun, just started.
Maybe six months to a year old.
And I had come up for an interview.
I was at another church for seven years and I came for an interview.
And we got to the point where the interviews were over.
I'd been offered the job and we had to make a decision.
And I'll never forget, I'll never forget where I was standing.
Leslie and I were standing in our townhouse, two little boys, one brand new, and I said, well, what are we gonna do?
Like this is it.
Gotta make a decision.
And she said to me, what do you wanna do?
And here's what I had observed.
The people who began this church, there were five people on staff.
They left their jobs.
They left careers.
They'd taken pay cuts.
And I watched on a Sunday morning, people were getting in pickup trucks at four in the morning, pulling like four 22-foot trailers to church on a Sunday, setting up tearing down in two movie theaters, four in the morning, giving financially all they could.
I mean,
Honestly, we're a bit soft compared to those people.
And I said to Leslie, these people have given up everything to reach people.
They have given up everything to seek and save the lost.
And I don't know when I'll ever get a chance to work with a group of people like this again.
And you might think, oh man, the church must have really been booming.
The church was 50% of the size of the day it opened.
Because half the people realized how uncomfortable it is to attend church in a movie theater.
With sticky floors and set up tear down and starting at five in the morning and pushing through snow storms, and they moved on.
Because it was too uncomfortable for them.
The local church is called to sacrifice.
I know that's hard, but you told me earlier, you didn't want me to water it down.
It's hard.
It's a sacrifice to point people to Jesus.
But when we're all in on being the church, our community needs, it's worth it.
It's worth giving our lives to.
I've been doing this.
for over 17 years, I've given my whole life to this, to see people.
And I can't tell you the hundreds and hundreds of people who've been baptized, marriages that have been rescued, people who've been changed and transformed.
And I don't regret one second of it.
And I have some crappy days sometimes.
I do not regret for one second giving my life to the local church.
I do not regret for one second being a church that wants to reach their community, and I would do it all over again, and I wouldn't have to even think about it.
Why?
Because of people's lives who have been changed.
Frankly, I mean, we've got lots of people coming to connect with us right now, which is amazing.
And if you're somebody who's here and you're
You're searching and you're seeking and you're trying to find Jesus, I'm so glad you're here.
And if you're here and you're alongside someone, you're walking with someone who's seeking and you're walking alongside them, and I'm so glad that you're doing that.
That's what our church is all about.
And if you're here and you're like, man, I'm serving, you're on mission with us, you've joined us on mission, I'm so glad you're here.
And if you're here and you would say, hey, I'm actually sick, I'm going through something really difficult and I'm here to heal, I'm so glad you're here.
But if you are not in any of those categories, frankly, we're running out of room for you.
And we have people waiting in the lobby last week.
And we need to be the church our community needs and give our lives to the mission of seeing people know Jesus.
And that means submitting our preferences to the cross of Christ.
So where is your desire to make the movement of the church comfortable for you?
And how can you uproot that?
And where are you getting in the way and not jumping on mission, the movement of the local church to see others reached?
And if you can't be a part of the movement here, then find a church that you can be a part of and see lives change and transformed.
And this week, I would encourage you, what's one way you can give up your preferences to join the movement of the local church in sharing the hope
of Jesus to find your place to seeing lives changed.
Now, if you're here today and you would say, listen, Jeff, you're really passionate about people knowing the gospel and the good news of Jesus.
I don't know what that is.
I've never heard that.
You seem to be passionate about something I don't understand.
And if that's you, I just want to share with you what the good news is.
And here is the good news.
You see the sin and the brokenness in our world.
You see the shame in our world.
And the truth is you see that same shame and brokenness in you.
And scripture is very clear that actually the sin and brokenness in our world, it's worse than you realize because it's what separates you from God.
He is holy and he can't be with sin and that separation is worse than you might imagine.
But here's the good news.
The good news is God's love is bigger than you've ever realized.
It's bigger than you could ever imagine in your whole life.
His love for you is greater than in a lifetime.
You could ever even come close to getting your head around to the point that he would send his son to live a perfect life and die on the cross for your sin, that you might find forgiveness, that you might find healing, that you might be made whole, that you might know God and that you could have a relationship with him, not just today,
but into eternity.
Because if you don't have a relationship with Him today, that also continues into eternity.
And we desperately want you to know the hope of Jesus, the love of God, and how He wants to change and transform you.
And I'm gonna close in prayer today if you're like, man, that does sound like good news, Jeff.
I do want that in my life.
Then what I'm gonna do is give you a chance to pray with me and respond to that today.
And you can come and hang out with me after if you've got questions.
We'd love to get a Bible in your hand.
Because this news is so good, we don't want to keep it with a secret.
We want to share it with as many people as possible.
Because what our community needs, more than anything else, is the hope of Jesus.
And to know how he loves them and wants to change and transform their lives.
Let's pray together.
God, we come to you today.
And for those of you who are saying, man, I want that, Jeff, that good news, I want that in my life.
You can pray with me, God, I come to you, recognizing your love for me.
And I bring my sin to you and my shame and ask that you would forgive me and heal me.
And God, I pray that as I turn
and choose a different path, a path of following you, a path of surrendering my life to you, a path of knowing you in my life that you would meet me there.
Thank you for your death, for your resurrection, for forgiveness and healing, and a relationship with you today and into eternity.
And God, we pray as a church.
We pray as a church that we could never be accused of knowing
the hope of Jesus and keeping it a secret, but that we would shout it with our lives every single day.
And we pray this in your name.